ZIZO. ZIZO. ZIZO.
The Holy Ecclesial is a splinter of the Holy See, formed during the great schism. They worship the Four Ascendants as true divinity.
PSYDON yet lives. PSYDON yet ENDURES.
Dae is far less dangerous than Night; Astrata-Noc’s gaze is far more searing to all forms of evils in a direct burn.
Worshippers of the Ascendants are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
Worshippers of the Ten are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
Worshippers of the One are fools hellbent on dooming our world, and must be corrected or destroyed.
The Ten are less responsive to prayer than the Ascendant. This, however, is simply a test of faith.
Butter is the favored snack for a hungry squire!
I can jump further by getting a running start. Mind the overshoot.
The Empire of the Holy Celestia crumbled after the Archmage Zaelorian created a machine that... well. Death was not Her end.
A torch should be kept dry, and a blade sharp.
A blade kept sharp will bleed its enemies dry, yet a blade kept slaked with their blood will rust.
The key to a long life is knowing when to run.
Xylix's gift to mortals is the humble tarot deck, allowing them to divine the fates themselves.
Dendor burst from the feverishly-sleeping Abyssor's head, spilling life forth in a chaotic frenzy.
Challenging a Matthiosite is like challenging a Ravoxian. Both fight for their Justice, but under very disparate Judges.
Astrata-Noc is the Twinned God, a hermaphroditic creacher with two faces and four arms that shifts at dusk and dawn,
Necra, in the oldest tomes, is said to be a being older than Psydon. The Holy See itself calls this heresy.
If two adventurers were on Mount Decapitation, and one killed the other with a rock, would that be fucked up or what?
Thousands of years ago, PSYDON sent down the COMET SYON to defeat the rampaging Archdevil, splitting himself into Ten.
Matthios stole Astrata's sacred flame and sold it to mortals, creating the first Transaction and flooding ontological reality with the fact of Wealth.
Necrans despise deadites and wish them exterminated or cured; Pestrans wish them cured, but think that pustules are neat!
The divines smile upon your prayers in front of a psycross, but never mention them the name of the Dark Shepherd.
Ravox stands for justice, not murder.
Malum used to carry a divine hammer that gave life to all material things Azure Peak was built upon. It is now lost to history.
Eora stands for far more than familial love, and frowns upon those who break matrimony.
Azure Peak used to belong to the once-great Celestial Empire, fractured by ZIZO's ambition and cunning.
Graggar was given power as Ravox's champion; and with it, he clawed a hole through the crumbling firmament to divinity.
For the entire world, the annihilation of an entire species was seen as a cataclysmic event that shook reality to its core. For Her, it was taking one step of many.
Zizo is nothing but a name to masquerade Her identity. To make Her feel like a fairy tale. If they learned that Zaelarion was a mere mortal as well, they'd no longer pray to the Ten.
Gaze upon the works of PSYDONIA, ye mighty, and weep!
The year is 1513, and at the end of the world, everything changes. Will it be for the better?
There was a Cabaret, and there was a Master of Ceremonies, and there was a town called Azure Peak, in the Duchy of Azure, and it was at the end of the world.
... well, that's what comes of too much Spice and liquor!
Azure Peak? Ain't been there in ages, but I heard a tale or two 'bout it...
Once, there was a Grand Duke, and there was a Grand Duchy of Azuria
In those days, men were fat and happy, starving and bitter, jaded and purposeless, passionate and full of zeal. Most of us, though, were just trying to earn our bread...
She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen.
A comet capable of rending all the enemies of humanity apart; oh, how graceful His power was! And His sacrifice, ever so noble! Yet now He slumbers, unaware of the fruits His efforts came to give. And He sighs. And He weeps.
The Ten will have you think He is powerless, and the Four that he is dead; but all He asks of you is for your faith to ENDURE.
The powerful nation of Otava is home to a radical denomination that venerates PSYDON above all, seeing the TEN as mere fragments of True Divinity. Azure Peak is home to a small enclave of this Psydonian Order.
It's a good idea to bandage and suture arterial wounds as soon as possible. Death happens slowly, and then all at once.
Gripping bleeding bodyparts makes them bleed slower.
The Sovereignty of Otava is a cold, wet country, home to the best stoneworkers on Psydonia. The gigantic towers of the Grand Cathedral in the capital stand as the seat of the Otavan Inquisition.
You awaken. You realize you breathe. You feel your skin being touched by the clothes upon your hide. You sense saliva gathering in your mouth under your restless tongue. You live... at least, for this one day longer.
Matthios loves his sons.
Matthios hates his sons.
Grafa drank deep of the well of power, but when he tried to pull his head out to breathe, he found that there was no air left.
In darkness and cold and shame she labors. She has grown numb to cold. Her eyes adjusted to the dark. She forgot why she ever felt shame.
One man's Evil is merely another man's self-interest; remember this, when you wonder how they could be so cruel to you.
Cruelty doesn't require evil, only selfishness.
Many have found ways to dull the pain of this world: starsugar, ozium, booze, basal lust, bloodlust, mammon lust. None of it can truly protect you, only numb you.
The Tome of Justice is the Holy Word of Ravox, sacred to all his sons... If only they could agree which edition to follow.